Garrulus of Bonisagus

Size: 0
Age: 28
Apparent age: 28
Decrepitude: 0
Warping Score: 0
Reputations: None
Encumbrance: 0
Confidence Score: 2
Confidence Points: 5

Characteristics:
    Int: +5
    Per: 0
    Str: -1
    Sta: +3
    Prs: -2
    Com: 0
    Dex: -1
    Qik: 0

Personality Traits:
    Driven: +6
    Trustful +3
    Talktive -3

Virtues:
    The Gift, Hermetic Magus, Great Int x2, Inventive Genius
    Affinity with Perdo, Puissant Perdo, Affinity with Vim, Puissant Vim
    Affinity with Magic Theory, Puissant Magic Theory
    Self-Confident, Skilled Parens

Flaws:
    Blatant Gift, Driven (Major), Covenant Upbringing, Gullible
    Difficult Spontaneous Magic, Magical Cat Companion

Abilities:
    Vulgar Latin (Hermetic): 5
    Latin (Hermetic): 4
    Order of Hermes Lore (Bonisagus): 1
    Artes Liberales (Ritual magic): 1
    Philosophiae (Ritual magic): 1
    Magic Theory (Vim): 7
    Concentration (Spells): 1
    Penetration (Vim): 1
    Parma Magica (Vim): 1

Arts:
    Cr: 2
    In: 2
    Mu: 2
    Pe: 15
    Re: 2
    An: 0
    Aq: 0
    Au: 0
    Co: 0
    He: 0
    Ig: 0
    Im: 0
    Me: 0
    Te: 0
    Vi: 15

Sigil:
    Three stars with silvery light.

Equipments:

Soak: +3

Spells:
    Wizard's Leap (ReCo 15)
    Wizard's Icy Grip (PeIg 30)
    Veil of Invisibility (PeIm 20)
    The Unseen Arm (ReTe 5)
    See the Light of Magic (InVi 30)
    Wind of Mundane Silence (PeVi 50)

Description:
    Garrulus is a man with a small frame and a reclusive atmosphere. Born in a small and old covenant in the Alps. Having a blatant Gift, he was raised up to become a magus without being tought anything unrelated. Everything went well until the ninth year into his apprenticeship, when a Bonisagus Maga came to visit and took Garrulus as her own. Left the only place he knew, Garrulus was taken to an alien place with unfamiliar people with only the companionship of the magical black cat Mimi. Although he finished his apprenticeship with remarkable result, Garrulus never felt at home, and left to find a new place for himself soon afterwards.

Life:
    Year 1192:
        Born
    Year 1192-1204:
        Early childhood (13 yrs)
    Year 1205-1219:
        Apprenticeship (15 yrs)
    Year 1220:

Planned creations:
    Naturalitas Ritual
        Type:
            Arcane Ability
        Description:
            The capability to perform a special ritual that protects from Warping. A Naturalitas Ritual requires a season of work in a lab and raw vis. A magus can perform a Naturalitas Ritual on himself or another and the subject of the ritual must be present for the whole of that season. If appropriate, he may help the magus creating the ritual with his lab work.
            When finished, a Naturalitas Ritual has a strength equal to the score of this ability, plus one for every five points or fraction of the Perdo Vim Lab Total. Each point of strength costs one pawn of Perdo or Vim vis, and can prevent the gaining of one Warping Point. Each Warping Point prevented reduces the strength of a Naturalitas Ritual by one. A Naturalitas Ritual ends if its strength is reduced to zero.
            A Naturalitas Ritual itself doesn't cause Warping and can't be performed on anyone with a Might Score. A Naturalitas Ritual has an effective spell level equal to five times its current strength and can only be dispelled by Ritual spells specifically designed to do that. When a new Naturalitas Ritual is performed, any existing one on the subject is removed at the start of the season. Only an individual with The Gift and a score of at least one in this ability can perform a Naturalitas Ritual. This ability doesn't have specialization.
