Magic of Light

Properties:
    Light is part of Ignem.
    Light doesn't have mass or size.
    Light can't stop.
    Light can change direction naturally (e.g. reflection and refraction).
    Light doesn't interact with itself.
    Almost everything will absorb light to some degree.
    When light is absorbed, it becomes heat.

Intensity:
    -3: Moonlight.
    -2: Candlelight.
    -1: Torchlight.
     0: Sunlight on a cloudy day.
    +1: Sunlight on a clear day.
    +2: Light that can ignite very flammable things in a flash (+0 damage).
    +3: Light that can ignite flammable things in a flash (+5 damage).
    +4: Light that can melt flash in a flash (+10 damage).
    +5: Light that can melt metal and stone in a flash (+15 damage).

    For ordinary light source (e.g., torchlight, normal CrIg spell), the light produced is going all directions, and the further away from the source, the lower the intensity becomes.
    For an original intensity of 1, the intensity is 0 at 3-pace away, -1 at 9-pace away, -2 at 27-pace away, and so on.
    The intensity of sunlight, moonlight, or starlight doesn't drop over distance until acted upon (e.g. reflected off a mirror).
    If light is focused into a beam using magic, its intensity will not drop over distance.
    The light from an ordinary light source can be focused into a 15-pace across beam with the same intensity.
    If magic is used to change the cross-sectional area of a beam of light, reducing the area by a factor of 10 will increase the intensity by 1.

Size of Light as Target:
    A magical light source has no size.
    A base individual can produce light of intensity 0, and increasing magnitude increases intensity.
    A base Group target can contain 10 light sources of intensity 0, or 100 light sources of intensity -1, or 1 light source of intensity +1, etc.
    Each additional magnitude increases the intensity by 1 or total number by a factor of 10.

    Light itself doesn't have mass or ordinary size.
    A base individual is a 150-pace across uniform beam of light of intensity 0 in a flash.
    It is impossible to target light itself with Individual or Part target, it can only be targeted by Group or container targets.
    A base Group target can target a 150-pace across beam of intensity 1, or a 15-pace across beam of intensity 3, or a 1500-pace across beam of intensity -1, etc.
    Each additional magnitude increases the intensity by 1 or the cross-sectional area by a factor of 10.
    Container targets can target light of any intensity without additional magnitudes.

Aiming with Light:
    Aiming with Light is determined by the cross-sectional area at target's place.
    A 150-pace across beam provides a bonus of +36 to aiming rolls.
    Reducing the area by a factor of 10 will reduce the bonus by 6, and vice versa.
        +36: 150-pace across beam
        +24: 15-pace across beam
        +12: 5-foot across beam
         +6: 18-inch across beam
          0: 6-inch across beam
         -6: 2-inch across beam

    A beam of light when aimed, has a range increment of 100 paces.

Creating Light:
    CrIg spells can't create light itself, only light source.

Light and Other Elements
    Muto spells can change light into other elements and vise versa.
    When changing, 1000 base individuals of light is equivalent to 1 base individual in other elements.

    Since light doesn't have Individual target, a spell can't change light into a single object of another element, the result is always a very very large number of object.
    For example, a MuIg(Te) spell that changes light into stone will produce a uniform sheet of very very fine dust.
    MuIg spells can't affect a magical light source, only on the created light itself.

    When changing another element into light, the entirety is changed at once into a flash of light going all directions, and the intensity will drop as normal over distance.
    A base individual of an element will change into light of intensity 4, and this changes by 1 for each factor of 10 the target's size changes.
    An object of 10-times the size of the base individual will change into light of intensity 5, an object of 1/100 the size of the base individual will change into light of intensity 2, etc.
    If the light produced is absorbed, it changes into heat and will not revert back to the original element when the spell ends.

    If a spell changed light into another element, when that spell ends, the element reverts back into a flash of light going all directions.

Damage Caused by Light
    Since light causes damage when absorbed, any supernatural protection/immunity that doesn't stop light provides no protection against damage caused by light.
    Mundane protections like armor can provide normal protection against damage caused by light.
    Reflective material can provide extra protection against light.

Extra Guidelines:
    CrIg 10: Create a light source of intensity +2. Each additional magnitude increases the intensity by 1.
    MuIg 5: Change light itself into a natural example of another element, with an appropriate requisite.
    PeIg 2: Reduce the intensity of light by 4. Each additional magnitude reduces the intensity further by 4 (This replaces the original ReIg 2/3 guidelines).
    ReIg 3: Change the direction of light. This can only be used to focus light to a specific point or direction, producing a cone or beam.
    ReIg 10: Ward against light up to intensity +2 (Touch, Ring, Circle). Each additional magnitude increases the intensity by 1.

New Spells:
    Mirror of Hermes
        ReIg 15, R: Touch, D: Ring, T: Circle (Dynamic)
        Cast on the inner circle of a ring, this spell will focus all light entering the ring to a specific point selected at the time of casting.
        Instead of focusing to a point, this spell can also focus light to a direction, which would create a beam.
        (Base 3, +1' Touch, +2' Ring, +1' fine control)

    Scorching Ray
        Cr(Re)Ig 15, R: Touch, D: Mom, T: Ind
        Create a 6-inch across beam of light of intensity +4 (+10 damage).
        This spell must be aimed with a range increment of 100 paces.
        Even though the spell is aimed, magic resistance still provides protection from the beam since it's magically created.
        (Base 5, +1' Touch, +1' requisite)

    Behold My Radiance
        Cr(Re)Ig 30, R: Touch, D: Conc, T: Ind
        The caster emit light going all directions of intensity +3 (+5 damage).
        The light produced by this spell will not illuminate the caster even after reflection.
        (Base 15, +1' Touch, +1' Conc, +1' requisite)

    Heaven's Brilliance Upon You
        ReIg 30, R: Sight, D: Conc, T: Group
        Focus all sunlight above the caster into a 5-pace across beam of intensity +4 (+10 damage each round).
        During the spell, sky above the caster up to 500-pace across becomes dark as night.
        Magic resistance provides no protection from this beam since it's normal sunlight.
        The caster can move the beam by concentrating.
        The beam must be aimed with a bonus of +18 and a range increment of 100 paces.
        (Base 3, +3' Sight, +1' Conc, +2' Group, +1' control)

    Might of Light
        ReIg 50, R: Sight, D: Mom, T: Group
        Direct all light within range into a 6-inch across beam.
        Only light from a single source can be targeted with a single casting (e.g., direct sunlight, light from a single torch, a beam of light reflecting between two mirrors).
        The intensity of the beam is determined by the total light directed, up to +13 (+55 damage, vaporize anything instantly).
        This spell must be aimed with a range increment of 100 paces.
        Magic resistance provides no protection if the light directed is not magical.
        (Base 3, +3' Sight, +2' Group, +6' intensity)
